# Apogee

## Description

Project Apogee is a multiplayer procedural space sandbox game with a focus on
complex interconnected simulation systems. At the core of the experience is an
emulated, player programmable, computer system based on a real historical
architecture. These computers drive the majority of the in-game systems and
award a huge amount of creative freedom to players by letting them program how
various aspects of their ships and other in-game equipment work. Ships are both
customizable and upgradeable and will be flown utilizing physics based orbital
mechanics. Players can engage in mining, scavenging, trading, crafting, combat,
and many other dedicated roles.

## Computers

Project Apogee features the following three historic computer architectures,
each with its own specific use case. The advantage of using existing
architectures is that players can compile and use existing real world software
on these in-game machines, as opposed to having to write everything from
scratch.

* [PDP-11](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-11)
* [Data General Nova 1200](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_General_Nova)
* [RCA CDP1802](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RCA_1802)

The PDP-11 is the most powerful of the three systems. It has incredible
scalability and can control an huge quantity of I/O devices. This computer
system can occupy an entire room and requires an enormous amount of power to
run. It is most commonly found on the largest ships in the game as a result.

The Data General Nova 1200, while not as scalable as the PDP-11, is still very
powerful in its own right. Still requiring a considerable amount of power to
run, yet far more compact than the PDP-11, this computer is the perfect middle
ground of size to computing power. This system can be found in small, one or two
person, ships such as planetary landers, mining ships, and fighter ships.

The RCA CDP1802 is a comparatively tiny system, requiring only a small amount
of power to operate. Unfortunately, this relegates the system to
non-computationally-intensive tasks such as controlling the player's spacesuit.
As such, it can most commonly be found in small, man-portable, pieces of
equipment.
